BD-3061: Update important alert (#7285)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/campaigns/managing_campaigns/campaign_approval.md

# Approving campaigns

> > Campaign approval adds a review process to your workflow before launching a campaign. This feature adds states that are available in the campaign confirmation workflow step. You can ensure that each confirmation is approved to launch the campaign.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Campaign approval adds a review process to your workflow before launching a campaign. This feature adds states that are available in the campaign confirmation workflow step. You can make sure that each confirmation is approved to launch the campaign.
```
